Your privacy is important to Sport Patio. Sometimes we need information to provide good services.

How We Use Information That We Collect. The main reason why Sport Patio collects information is to help us operate and provide our services, and improving, fixing, and customizing our Services, so that we understand how people use our services, analyse and use the information we have to evaluate and improve our services, research, develop, and test new services and features.

Information We Collect. Sport Patio receives or collects information when we operate and provide our services through but not limited to Applications, including when you install, access, or use our Services.

Automatically Collected Information. 1.Usage and Log Information: We collect service-related, diagnostic, and performance information. This includes information about your activity (such as how you use our services, and the like), log files, and diagnostic, crash, and performance logs and reports.

Transactional Information: If you pay for our Services, we may receive information and confirmations, such as payment receipts, including from App stores or other third parties processing your payment. Device and Connection Information: We collect device-specific information when you install, access, or use our services. This includes information such as hardware model, operating system information, browser information, IP address, mobile network information including phone number, and device identifiers. We collect device location information if you use our location features. Cookies: We use cookies to operate and provide our services, improve your experiences, understand how our services are being used, and customize our services. we may use cookies to remember your choices, such as your language preferences, and otherwise to customize our services for you.

Information You And We Share. You share your information as you use our services, and we share your information to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our services. Third-Party Providers: We work with third-party providers to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our services. When we share information with third-party providers, we require them to use your information in accordance with our instructions and terms or with express permission from you. Third-Party Services: When you use third-party services that are integrated with our Services, they may receive information about what you share with them. If you interact with a third-party service linked through our services, you may be providing information directly to such third party. Please note that when you use third-party services, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your use of those services.

Assignment, Change Of Control, And Transfer. All of our rights and obligations under our Privacy Policy are freely assignable by us to any of our affiliates, in connection with a merger, acquisition, restructuring, or sale of assets, or by operation of law or otherwise, and we may transfer your information to any of our affiliates, success or entities, or new owner.

Law And Protection. We may collect, use, preserve, and share your information if we have a good-faith belief that it is reasonably necessary to: (a) respond pursuant to applicable law or regulations, to legal process, or to government requests; (b) enforce our Terms and any other applicable terms and policies, including for investigations of potential violations; (c) detect, investigate, prevent, and address fraud and other illegal activity, security, or technical issues; or (d) protect the rights, property, and safety of our users, Sport Patio , or others.

Our Global Operations. You agree to our information practices, including the collection, use, processing, and sharing of your information as described in this Privacy Policy, as well as the transfer and processing of your information to other countries globally where we have or use facilities, service providers, or partners, regardless of where you use our services. You acknowledge that the laws, regulations, and standards of the country in which your information is stored or processed may be different from those of your own country.

Updates To Our Policy. We may amend or update our Privacy Policy. and update the “Last Modified” date at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of our Services confirms your acceptance of our Privacy Policy, as amended. If you do not agree to our Privacy Policy, as amended, you must stop using our Services. Please review our Privacy Policy from time to time.

If you have questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us: sportpatio@gmail.com Last Modified : Sep 01, 2018
